Fuck. I was really hoping for more toxic masculinity.
I'm pretty proud of myself for not giving my dietian a hearty "fuck you" for saying I "ate like a man." Men aren't aren't the only ones who would choose a tasty meat snack over a carrot most of the time. 

I mean, I get that I eat more meat and fewer vegggies that I should, but there's mothing inherently "manly"about that.

It skeeves me out when self-proclaimed "lesbians" say "I'm attracted to women and trans men". I don't think you should call yourself a lesbian if you're attracted to ANY men, even if it's only one specific group of men. (And no, I'm not a TERF. I just don't like it when words are misused.)

There's only two genders and if you don't have dysphoria you're not trans.

It makes me wonder if heterosexual sex is really enough of an incentive to heterosexual women to actually put up with being around males.

I don't know how anyone puts up with straight males for extended periods of time

He was created explicitly to oppose the empowerment of the female lead. Yeah that is just his story role, but it still makes his entire reason for existing misogyny.

He is evil Just like all white men.

Bernie bros are loud opinionated douchebag mra scumble-fuck supporters of bernie. They only support bernie because they know they have to support a democrat and they're too emotionally sick to ever support a woman.

no. it is not even the job of feminism to change men. feminism is about women liberating ourselves from patriarchy. it is not our job to change men because it cannot be done. power is never benevolently given. feminism is about changing women through empowerment and self-actualization. feminism is about achieving for women the freedom to live independently of men’s influence. men will NEVER give that to us. we must cultivate it ourselves through solidarity and empowerment of each other. attempting to change men is an absolute complete waste of our energy and resources. women deserve to use our energy and resources on ourselves, for ourselves. we have to make our own world of support, love, sustenance, art, WOMANHOOD, separate from men. that’s the only thing that will save us, and we’re the only ones who can do that.

men created patriarchy. all over the world, separate from each other, men started oppressing women because they could. not because they learned it. this is innate male behavior and, as bleak as it may be, we can’t just educate men out of it. 
